tomorrow 1st good night everyone when it gets warm a little bit here
some news we enter what really matters as we did in
last week i will make the whole Thursday a routine
that accounts for all of you we intend from next week
scissors and 1830 move to 19 hours only that nothing because the mother-in-law quiet and
commuting from the service home and I would like to watch it present here
to pass the year 2000 this as the spokesman minister and now we have two
ministers here a date we want health minister ewa's
Mato Grosso do Sul I take the time to send a hug and
champagne watching 53 years away from being a city where you arrived according to
the lieutenant had no sun the electricity was from the barracks
Canada was also from the barracks, I give you a lot now it's just electricity
changed my heart which is two children were started with the voice companies in
resende is inspired by this was inspired by an attack of much nostalgia
here on my right the rene today will be from foreign affairs is doing a
good job also now on Sunday the united states says it is
good to say what will do there well logically first a great actor
river not only ours the wind is like the whole of brazil is very shocked by what
happened before a suzano são paulo so we feelings with the
condolences to family family friends all over the Brazil of the fights is the thing
for a barbarity it seems that he cannot understand how he manages
do that and it takes what that is but we feelings that it was possible
do to avoid cases other minister of education was there today old women had
suzano this morning, of course, right, talking to
authorities and family members gathering the feelings there taking our
condolences is also news when it warms the person to arrive it is official diary
of the union a decree was published yesterday where we cut 21 thousand
is commission positions trust functions and gratuities and the projection of
savings per year of 21 thousand positions in the range of R $ 200 million
this is our commitment to the campaign house and believes that we can
go a little further on this delicious thing that can be used to save money, yes
tomorrow friday our minister of infrastructure the third was in are
paulo the stock exchange where the concession
I am here to concession 12 airports really seeking to remove from the state if
this weight of unfortunately where the Brazilian state is hardly things give
right the example we have the house that will dive deep into the ministry
a secretary that there is a lot of things wrong so the certainty that we had is
that Brazil had no way to succeed if it continues to do that old policy
of negotiation and pev good boys we had in previous governments the
tocantins opened up more as a rule the goal is to serve the population and yes
meet interest in a few the parliament has understood this with
ownership we have no pressure for part ministry
of parliamentarians and they largely know that the path is this
choosing technical people from the team that do a good job for the
population bringing to our brazil is two old news should be voted on
provisional measure of fraud he then aims here to collect the
inss debtors
I’m going to talk a little bit here and greet the businessman since our girl
health is expected is the forecast is 30 days from now but starting to
mass vaccination on influenza here in Brazil but a problem that
anticipated in the amazon state in the great lasts of people who contracted the flu
aa from tomorrow monday 1 million new vaccines against vaccines
will be nothing if one looks at the manaus obviously
persecution across the state with the participation of our force is a pleasure
so beautiful the word is this year we
anticipated in the case of amazonas our campaign she will start a
normal time he was around she was scheduled for April 20th we
I had already anticipated the schedule for the southern region of Brazil a little
but there was an abnormal activity in the south zone a very large number with many
many deaths so the president asked us to add
efforts that I thank nato that who produces these vaccines for sus is and we
we managed to anticipate in almost a month on the 20th of the month little of that and agility
also at the end of the end of a visa that does the certification in service and today the
president gave the final autopsy which was to make the logistics feasible and sends a bullet
amazonas i think that even the state secretariat
receiving and distributing daddies this weekend Monday we already
was signing the first pregnant women and children that the main izzo group
then the public to the sound of a lot of organization and then gradually
produce vaccines with the rest of Brazil but it was extremely important
news the commander alan city of the people there from the amazon is coming
charging there and we were working exactly to be able to deliver a vaccine
our public with the strains with the videos that take place there that are sure to go
help to control this growing number of subscribers
the north region in the amazons if i could choose ours here i will be in the states
united right is that in our understanding right if not
go through this I don't want to hit the press here that almost every day the
better every day two three four stories against me but not
messed with my family that the family is very big in the ribeira valley in são
Paulo I will have to answer here and here we go
in 2014 and march 21 my birthday was signed a normative
where he was present is not a consultant rosinha deputy pt miner from são
Paulo and he, when saying this in the chamber, I occupied the gallery and said, that is, visual
normative hit it that brazil would ordinate by month of ecuador
the equivalent of checking in at ceagesp for a week and although it is not
the greatest importance is a great truth banana has always been like this and such
at that moment I confess there is consensus in the plenary and we quickly raised how much
with the distance from the equator that doesn't border Brazil this band would have to
go through the Panama Canal 10.009 and then arrived at the port of santos go up
the mountain and I saw my concern is that the band arrives in a competitive way
considering that there are 209 on average we have the ribeira valley region where i went
raised today I have four brothers who live there
yet I also opened it started in wood which is
very serious under the normative phytosanitary control would be done by the country of
origin and be the elevator so that everyone there with a coconut tree
from there to here to são paulo in april started back there comes what happened
now the week work in the sheet of são paulo jânio de freitas says i'm
in this fight because it is a region where the good guys have many companies
say that no relative of mine has a hectare there back to the band we don't have
an air conditioner we have one on my mexico farm
transporting bananas with nothing at all in regards to this is an accusation that he
says that his cousin, joseph and 40 does not mention the name of his name, may enter a
action against him here which is a slander of information and the family gets upset
the value of pi the poorest region is são paulo taking out cajati the economy
from that whole region it comes from the banana and it says here that it boots here it says until I
I promised a nephew my banana grower to end the ghost of gay good price
better quality of the banana coming from the equator is not true of god lie and
I'm just answering that Mr. José de Freitas the outright lie that
that messes with my family worth bercow people
I'm moving there is a has is that the television and the three brothers move with
real estate cases in the region look it was a ball at zero the first time
I'm sorry matter in that sense here well let's go ahead
Sunday morning I and a few more months right
we will do for the united states we will have a meeting with the president of the
ago is a lot of things already settled we are at the end mind we intend
actually sign the agreements do that approach with the united states as
always said in my pre-campaign and campaign we want to bring the world closer
the whole united states for us is a great one it can certainly be one
great partner of our great economic partner is giant in second place
case even if the first half of the year china china is right so i want
stop by here beginning this week about something that will happen in the
united states the president that visits each a natural partnership in the states
already joined by the baron of rio branco in the
our diplomacy and the relationship of the united states a dimension absolutely
essential part of Brazilian diplomacy is the reflection of good management
unfortunately in recent times this partnership has been negligence
anyone who gets to the good exchange of united states passes in the united states
the initiative's partnership with the need to win a place in the
American society is discarded simply giving money
so it will be a moment to start to resume a natural partnership the partnership
that was can be essential again for the development of brazil understanding
without excluding others - partnerships but then I will give an example of a given
concrete thing we intend to do will be the signing of a new treaty of
a new technological safeguards agreement in the united states and
will allow commercial use of the Alcantara launch pad
this can bring a lot of resources brazil may be the main point maybe
starcraft launch and more commercials that was not possible if they hadn’t
this being an agreement because without an agreement it is possible to use technology
American in these technology launches
American nobody launched then each one an example of something that the
resumption of a natural partnership can bring to Brazil
in addition, we also intend to do several things in many areas such as
energy as a security and defense as biodiversity as the partnership
economy and the environment puts a positive emphasis on agriculture is and in other
including areas is also the defense of democracy mainly of
defense of democracy here in our region if especially to venezuela in
which we are acting in a very unfortunate way and takes away some of the elements that
are there in our American just proves that it will continue in the matter of appearance
alcantara average since the squid government we tried this agreement and we didn’t have
much more successful for the ideological position than a technical issue
so the agreement now signed will now pass through parliament it is important the
staff really is to understand that it is important to be present yes for
mayor governor but also for state federal senator and councilor and
basically goes through the foreign and international relations committee of the
two houses and then by the plenary it is very important that we are losing
money in that region a long time ago it is possible to launch a satellite in the world
all over there and this one we all intend to do what knows how to transform this area
from the state of Maranhão takes an area that will really bring profit for all of us
I already have a question that is not exactly the United States but the
question of how much we have with brazil back in the military passport
Brazilian government and is within the 100-day program within the 100 days of government
the new passport coat of arms of the pride of Brazilians is now ready
of the new passport will pass on another subject we have also found
some time our third start of
infrastructure suddenly manages to override the card on the
mercosur because i think there is no municipality
believing in the cars there in the training also have a benefit for Brazil
this plate of mercosur the enterprise is an expense more to
population let's try so tried the same cool way
I think we can find a solution, we ended up with this Mercosur plate
it was also then that in relation to the united states and it will be the beginning of a
piece is going to be launched several things are going to be part of a work program that
will be implemented like that from then on, it is with this conviction that for example
the economy is the connection in brasilia when the american is fundamental is
know what you do is a lot from the private sector so we will have
new instruments that are being deprived here to be articulated and our initiatives that
can take advantage of this extraordinary business community
American investment and the wealth it generates is American investment in Brazil
not only the production but its knowledge technology and innovation innovation in the area
evidently in the comics the fear that Brazil has a lot to gain from the
special partnership in this area so I think that all these environments come out all
on Sundays we only have to win the launch of the partnership with the states
united we are reaching the end 15 minutes at
our time that the planet here said the arm to everyone
the first live my jewel here the president danced in the water
thrilled is together here in this audience of ours saw my first radio here
president we're going to have is this trip later on in several others
before returning to brazil for the world he will again take the voice of brazil and the
world and bring complete results to the Brazilian cup with growth in
around the president of the directory next week is surprised one day here on the day
next we will start the shift shift with those 23 days and we will go with
israel israel for sure you guys liked what we are going to deal with
in this country brother and friend so thank you very much for the audience and even the
Thursday 7 pm god willing